{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 We are working hard to organize the next coffee voyages! Costa Rica, anyone?\
\
\
TAKE THE TRIP OF A LIFETIME\
\
Coffee Voyages is made up of a group of coffee lovers and adventure seekers who want to take their love of coffee to a whole new level. If you have ever dreamed of going to rural locations to see, touch and taste the purest coffee then our trips are a perfect way to spend your next vacation! \
                \
\
ALL TRIP LOGISTICS TAKEN CARE OF\
\
Coffee Voyage trips are all-in-one trips where you don\'92t have to sweat the details of booking airfare, worrying about in-country transportation and learning a new language. We provide air travel through Millennium Tours, a custom tour company specializing in world travel for small and large groups. We also work with in-country professionals to arrange transportation, guides, translators, lodging and food. Your trip should be about coffee farming and tastings, not stressing over every logistical detail!\
                \
\
VISIT COFFEE FARMS IN EXOTIC LOCATION\
We will take you and a small group to some of the most acclaimed coffee growing areas on the planet. We combine learning, work and adventure to give you the most authentic experience with coffee at the point of origin. From Brazil to Guatemala, Costa Rica to Hawaii, Coffee Travelers will turn your wildest coffee dreams into reality by letting you harvest and cup the purest single-origin coffee possible. We\'92ll even throw in a additional day of travel to experience the sights, sounds and tastes of the local countryside!\
                }